you are someone detail aid late at night
your bed don't seems wrong
trying to justify the violence
reconciling silence dress it up in fancy
clothes wash it down with diamonds
trying it out with music act like
they're on the fly to you look at why
believe the ruse is you probably
couldn't prove this who's in charge
maybe running things Jules involved
things would be different maybe you can
make a difference or probably not and
things will stay the same and you go to
sleep at night knowing things will never
change wake up in the
feeling kind of strange don't remember
last night so you back at it again turn
back up your music put back on your
change fasten on your watch and slangs
put back on your glasses on the phone
when I trying to pick up where the wrist
lose prayer to the Father trying to
figure out your next move ain't across
your face to see you with like your
bitch shoes but did you know accepted
cuz it just might be your best lose
nothing ticking for Brendan Steele
you're searching for answer you're
fighting to be saying your mama fighting
the cancer for being around somebody
gather be the man now Jamar never
promised so you gotta take a stand now
oh it sounds finger be the only thing
your understand fuck see in the mill
you're trying to make it through a
couple grinning either with a couple
grand you gotta try to make you let you
die brother fam knowing the devil trying
to make you crazy you gotta hold mode
homie if you only knew never quit
knowing somebody do or worse than you
move it well as you all know what's
coming late late at night
you give up struggling with your warden
the difference where you end up they
tell me that's where we started he's the
way you're gonna make him remember you
just pray you don't get stuck in all my
stuff added interview you ended up in
tears when all you wanted was my own
gonna get for hope you with the bruising
as a child realizing nothing else to
take the pain away cuz if there was
something that number way the feeling
your breather going to sit your way that
they are sore to keep your stamp though
you'll even know your man sleeve
compressor trying to wait here you just
ran out your lands big window of
opportunity feeling like you just said
move they think it'll be paying for your
response warmest what phone this thing
like everybody else in the middle
position only fingers look to do is open
up your ears and this
No
whoa